well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight I'm going to tell you a
story it's a story that I heard years
ago around a campfire and I've looked it
up since then trying to find the source
material on it and like many stories
like this you really can't in fact I
can't find any story told from this
perspective I can find the story but
it's always told from the viewpoint of
the mother in the story back I can't
even find one told mentioning a group of
young young people but that's the
version I'm going to tell you because
even though it's not a traditional
telling as far as I can tell I like it
better so there's this young boy he's
1213 years old and he's on a journey
he's leaving everything he knows headed
to someplace he doesn't know and has no
connection to his whole village is going
with it
because they're being forced to move
they have no choice in the matter
it's winter it is when are there ice
floes in the river the soldiers that are
moving them they don't care the datura
they have winter clothing they don't
care about the people that they're
moving and this young boy watches just
distraught as everything he knows is
destroyed and he watches as mothers try
in vain to keep their infants warm and
he's sitting there watching as a group
of mothers who had lost their children
cry and one of them gets up and goes to
talk to the elders and the elders tell
her you know
your tears those white tears they'll
spring forth something that will keep us
connected to this area and this young
boy he's just at this point he's jaded
he has seen it he doesn't believe that a
sign they're symbols gonna matter
doesn't really even believe you that
there is a creator anymore he's at that
point just disillusioned with it all so
he bucks the elders him and a group of
his friends sneak off that night they
become the Cherokee that remained in the
southeastern United States
years later and he's walking along that
very same route and he sees these
flowers and they're white and have a
gold center and it is obvious that the
white petals are the tears of the
mothers and that that gold Center is the
gold that was the reason they got driven
out sixty thousand people were moved
during the Trail of Tears four thousand
died a hundred and ninety five years ago
yesterday because I'm getting to this
late Congress brought about the Indian
Territory
and that was the building block it's one
let all this happen
the thing is the Cherokee rose that
flower it's spread all over the
southeast it was an invasive plant and
the dark moments in American history
spread the same way more often than not
it was Congress who didn't see what was
coming or didn't care they put the
building blocks there and then the
executive branch well they used them
those in Congress were more concerned
about lining their own pockets their
party whatever more concerned about
stuff like that then right or wrong or
even the good of the country
they focused instead on the immediate
gains rather than being the Statesman we
often pretend they are most of America's
dark points are because of stuff like
that sometimes they're just an innate
part of American culture they were there
at the founding and they will be there
until we have the courage to get rid of
them but most times it's because
Congress couldn't see what was coming
down the road
there's probably a lesson in that story
for those who are on Capitol Hill today
incidentally the Trail of Tears gets its
name from a quote and the quote wasn't a
Trail of Tears it was a Trail of Tears
and death but we like to leave that last
part out makes it a little more
palatable I guess anyway it's just a
fault y'all have a good night